Introduce yourself and share your “why” for taking this step to change your career.

Hello! My name Is Catalyst. As you might guess, that's not the name my parents gave me. I earned this name by being a force for positive change in my life and in the lives of those around me. Over the last year I have been in a period of intense flux, even for me. Covid ended my 7-year career as a massage therapist. That sucks but honestly i was ready for something easier on the body and more challenging for the mind. Around the same time, my dad passed away. As an only child, I had to deal with all that. I've been working at temp job running a mail room at a computer repair facility. It has some nice perks, but is incredibly tedious. So with some enheritance in the bank and nothing to lose, I'm putting it all on Turing.

What are your strengths? What commitments can you make as far as what/how you will contribute to the cohort and classroom?

I am very detail-oriented and my mind works in systems and logical flow. I think that's why I take to and anjoy coding. I am also empathetic and can generally communicate difficult topics without overwhelming my interlocutor. 
I hope to contribute to the class with my sense of humor and generally positive attitude. I am also a DJ and will take any opportunity to tangent off about music.

What do your instructors need to know about you (consider including your workoing styles, your values, how you like to receive feedback, anything else)?

I have hypomanic/depressive cycles. It's not something I can control, but it is something I've learned to live with. I think mostly I'm on top of stuff but if i get really overwhelmed I will go off in one of two directions. Either I will be super intense and go several days not sleeping while I clean the house or build insane art or otherwise immerse myself in something cathartic. It's kinda fun, despite the insomnia. The other side of that coin though is becoming intensely despondent and not being able/bother to do fairly normal self-care stuff. I will disassociate and seem like I'm "not really there". This doesn't usually last too long if I notice it right away but it is hellish. Insomnia with this one too, unfortunately. I guess if you notice me acting weird check in and see how much sleep i'm getting.

What did you learn about yourself, as a person and a student, during Mod 0?
I realized i ain't been in school for a looong time! while I am excited to learn coding, I'm also super nervous that I won't be able to keep up. Seems like everthing happens so fast so I fear if i stumble on a lesson I'll fall behind.
